Assertiveness is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Assertiveness are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Take charge, Try to lead others, Take control of things, Can talk others into doing things, Seek to influence others. The people who indicate low Assertiveness are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Wait for others to lead the way, Keep in the background, Have little to say, Don't like to draw attention to myself, Hold back my opinions.

Altruism is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Altruism are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Am concerned about others, Love to help others, Make people feel welcome, Anticipate the needs of others, Have a good word for everyone. The people who indicate low Altruism are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Am indifferent to the feelings of others, Take no time for others, Look down on others, Make people feel uncomfortable, Turn my back on others.

Friendliness is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Friendliness are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Make friends easily, Feel comfortable around people, Warm up quickly to others, Act comfortably with others, Cheer people up. The people who indicate low Friendliness are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Avoid contacts with others, Keep others at a distance, Am hard to get to know, Often feel uncomfortable around others, Am not really interested in others.

Activity Level is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Activity Level are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Am always busy, Am always on the go, Do a lot in my spare time, Can manage many things at the same time, React quickly. The people who indicate low Activity Level are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Like to take it easy, Like to take my time, Like a leisurely lifestyle, Let things proceed at their own pace, React slowly.

Adventurousness is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Adventurousness are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Prefer variety to routine, Like to visit new places, Am interested in many things, Like to begin new things. The people who indicate low Adventurousness are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Prefer to stick with things that I know, Dislike changes, Am attached to conventional ways, Don't like the idea of change, Am a creature of habit, Dislike new foods.

Self-Discipline is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Self-Discipline are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Am always prepared, Carry out my plans, Get chores done right away, Start tasks right away, Get to work at once. The people who indicate low Self-Discipline are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Waste my time, Have difficulty starting tasks, Find it difficult to get down to work, Need a push to get started, Postpone decisions.

Immoderation is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Immoderation are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Go on binges, Often eat too much, Don't know why I do some of the things I do, Do things I later regret, Love to eat. The people who indicate low Immoderation are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Rarely overindulge, Easily resist temptations, Am able to control my cravings, Never spend more than I can afford, Never splurge.

Liberalism is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Liberalism are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Tend to vote for liberal political candidates, Believe that there is no absolute right or wrong, Believe that criminals should receive help rather than punishment. The people who indicate low Liberalism are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Tend to vote for conservative political candidates, Believe that we should be tough on crime, Believe in one true religion, Believe that too much tax money goes to support artists, Believe laws should be strictly enforced, Believe that we coddle criminals too much, Like to stand during the national anthem.

Gregariousness is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Gregariousness are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Love large parties, Talk to a lot of different people at parties, Enjoy being part of a group, Involve others in what I am doing, Love surprise parties. The people who indicate low Gregariousness are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Prefer to be alone, Avoid crowds, Want to be left alone, Don't like crowded events, Seek quiet.

Emotionality is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Emotionality are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Experience my emotions intensely, Feel others' emotions, Am passionate about causes, Enjoy examining myself and my life, Try to understand myself. The people who indicate low Emotionality are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Rarely notice my emotional reactions, Don't understand people who get emotional, Seldom get emotional, Am not easily affected by my emotions, Experience very few emotional highs and lows.

Anger is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Anger are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Get angry easily, Get irritated easily, Lose my temper, Get upset easily, Am often in a bad mood. The people who indicate low Anger are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Am not easily annoyed, Rarely get irritated, Seldom get mad, Keep my cool, Rarely complain.

Self-Consciousness is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Self-Consciousness are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Find it difficult to approach others, Am afraid to draw attention to myself, Only feel comfortable with friends, Am easily intimidated, Am afraid that I will do the wrong thing, Stumble over my words. The people who indicate low Self-Consciousness are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Am not bothered by difficult social situations, Am not embarrassed easily, Am comfortable in unfamiliar situations, Am able to stand up for myself.

Sympathy is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Sympathy are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Sympathize with the homeless, Feel sympathy for those who are worse off than myself, Value cooperation over competition, Suffer from others' sorrows. The people who indicate low Sympathy are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Am not interested in other people's problems, Try not to think about the needy, Tend to dislike soft_hearted people, Believe in an eye for an eye, Believe people should fend for themselves, Can't stand weak people.

Vulnerability is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Vulnerability are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Panic easily, Become overwhelmed by events, Feel that I'm unable to deal with things, Can't make up my mind, Get overwhelmed by emotions. The people who indicate low Vulnerability are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Remain calm under pressure, Can handle complex problems, Know how to cope, Readily overcome setbacks, Am calm even in tense situations.

Artistic Interests is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Artistic Interests are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Believe in the importance of art, See beauty in things that others might not notice, Like music, Love flowers, Enjoy the beauty of nature. The people who indicate low Artistic Interests are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Do not like poetry, Do not enjoy going to art museums, Do not like art, Do not like concerts, Do not enjoy watching dance performances.

Achievement-Striving is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Achievement-Striving are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Do more than what's expected of me, Work hard, Go straight for the goal, Turn plans into actions, Plunge into tasks with all my heart, Set high standards for myself and others, Demand quality. The people who indicate low Achievement-Striving are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Put little time and effort into my work, Do just enough work to get by, Am not highly motivated to succeed.

Depression is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Depression are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Often feel blue, Dislike myself, Am often down in the dumps, Have a low opinion of myself, Have frequent mood swings, Feel desperate, Feel that my life lacks direction. The people who indicate low Depression are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Feel comfortable with myself, Seldom feel blue, Am very pleased with myself.

Trust is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Trust are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Trust others, Believe that others have good intentions, Trust what people say, Believe that people are basically moral, Believe in human goodness, Think that all will be well. The people who indicate low Trust are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Distrust people, Suspect hidden motives in others, Am wary of others, Believe that people are essentially evil.

Imagination is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Imagination are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Have a vivid imagination, Enjoy wild flights of fantasy, Love to daydream, Like to get lost in thought, Indulge in my fantasies, Spend time reflecting on things. The people who indicate low Imagination are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Seldom daydream, Do not have a good imagination, Seldom get lost in thought, Have difficulty imagining things.

Anxiety is belong to the facet of Neuroticism. The people who indicate high Anxiety are in high Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Worry about things, Fear for the worst, Am afraid of many things, Get stressed out easily, Get caught up in my problems. The people who indicate low Anxiety are in low Neuroticism, whose behaviors and feelings include Am not easily bothered by things, Am relaxed most of the time, Am not easily disturbed by events, Don't worry about things that have already happened, Adapt easily to new situations.

Morality is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Morality are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Would never cheat on my taxes, Stick to the rules. The people who indicate low Morality are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Use others for my own ends, Cheat to get ahead, Take advantage of others, Obstruct others' plans, Use flattery to get ahead, Know how to get around the rules, Put people under pressure, Pretend to be concerned for others.

Modesty is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Modesty are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Dislike being the center of attention, Dislike talking about myself, Consider myself an average person, Seldom toot my own horn. The people who indicate low Modesty are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Believe that I am better than others, Think highly of myself, Have a high opinion of myself, Boast about my virtues, Know the answers to many questions, Make myself the center of attention.

Excitement-Seeking is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Excitement-Seeking are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Love excitement, Seek adventure, Enjoy being part of a loud crowd, Act wild and crazy, Love action, Enjoy being reckless, Am willing to try anything once, Seek danger. The people who indicate low Excitement-Seeking are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Would never go hang gliding or bungee jumping, Dislike loud music.

Cooperation is belong to the facet of Agreeableness. The people who indicate high Cooperation are in high Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Am easy to satisfy, Can't stand confrontations, Hate to seem pushy. The people who indicate low Cooperation are in low Agreeableness, whose behaviors and feelings include Love a good fight, Yell at people, Insult people, Get back at others, Have a sharp tongue, Contradict others, Hold a grudge.

Orderliness is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Orderliness are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Like to tidy up, Like order, Want everything to be "just right", Love order and regularity, Do things according to a plan. The people who indicate low Orderliness are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Often forget to put things back in their proper place, Leave a mess in my room, Leave my belongings around, Am not bothered by messy people, Am not bothered by disorder.

Self-Efficacy is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Self-Efficacy are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Complete tasks successfully, Excel in what I do, Handle tasks smoothly, Know how to get things done, Am sure of my ground, Come up with good solutions. The people who indicate low Self-Efficacy are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Misjudge situations, Don't understand things, Have little to contribute, Don't see the consequences of things.

Cheerfulness is belong to the facet of Extraversion. The people who indicate high Cheerfulness are in high Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Radiate joy, Have a lot of fun, Love life, Look at the bright side of life, Express childlike joy, Laugh my way through life, Laugh aloud, Amuse my friends. The people who indicate low Cheerfulness are in low Extraversion, whose behaviors and feelings include Am not easily amused, Seldom joke around.

Intellect is belong to the facet of Openness. The people who indicate high Intellect are in high Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Love to read challenging material, Like to solve complex problems, Have a rich vocabulary, Can handle a lot of information, Enjoy thinking about things. The people who indicate low Intellect are in low Openness, whose behaviors and feelings include Avoid philosophical discussions, Have difficulty understanding abstract ideas, Am not interested in theoretical discussions, Am not interested in abstract ideas, Avoid difficult reading material.

Cautiousness is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Cautiousness are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Avoid mistakes, Choose my words with care, Stick to my chosen path. The people who indicate low Cautiousness are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Jump into things without thinking, Make rash decisions, Rush into things, Act without thinking, Like to act on a whim, Do crazy things, Often make last_minute plans.

Dutifulness is belong to the facet of Conscientiousness. The people who indicate high Dutifulness are in high Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Keep my promises, Tell the truth, Try to follow the rules, Pay my bills on time, Listen to my conscience. The people who indicate low Dutifulness are in low Conscientiousness, whose behaviors and feelings include Break rules, Break my promises, Get others to do my duties, Do the opposite of what is asked, Misrepresent the facts.
